You are the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one
and the one and the
one and the one and the one and the one and the one and and and the one and and the one and the one and the one and the one and the one and the of the one and the one and the one and the one and the one the one and the one and the one and the one and the other one and and and and and the other one the other and and the other one and and the first and
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case of
Special chef special shout out to usatonic live. I'm gonna use his video today in this show
Um, I don't know how that's gonna work out for youtube, but it should be okay because I'm gonna play it with a second computer
um
Mark was able to upload a 30-minute video from 2008, which I just think is gonna be a lot of fun
And uh, so yeah
Just consumed yesterday's stuff and no live. What does that mean?
Not sure what that means, but wash can you clarify that a little bit for me
And no live. What does that mean yesterday's was live at 10 o'clock as usual. Um, I'm late again today, but I am here
I
Think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying. We don't even recognize the truth
Now live I get it. Well great. I hope it's not overdosing for you
Take everything with a grain and salt including me
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people
And then I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie
You know, I'm I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar
I think it's like really important not to be a liar
I
I'm not sure exactly who he is his name is jay jay cooey and I believe he's a consultant for chd
and I believe he has a phd and
Some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand
See what happens when you do it live. It's such a monkey
Forget about Fred Rogers. How can I forget about my buddy friend Rogers? He's like the spirit of this whole show
What the heck is going on? How can I hit the button too early?
I
Good morning, everyone. This is giggle and biological. Thank you for joining me from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Another broadcast trying to dispel the enchantment
And uh knowledge is the only way to do that
And so that's why we're trying to learn immunology and biology and virology and molecular biology
All these hologies that people have been
Been trying to voice on us that I don't think have been hoisted on us in a very truthful way
Because our consciousness is the prime real estate. They're actually interested in controlling
I think my voice is a little low there. I'm gonna raise it up
And so we're not here to attribute bad motives to people we're just disagreeing with them because they're bad ideas
Um
And uh that includes the bad idea of fractional reserve banking and how it has been used to
manipulate and control us for
generations
And it is the collapse of this illusion of fractional reserve banking that I think is well coinciding with the
the execution of this pandemic narrative on our children the release the forceful
story
Storytelling
It's this forceful storytelling that we are trying to disrupt
It's also a forceful storytelling about what AI can do and what will be accomplished if we just give up our data to AI
If we just let these smart people with machines have all that they want
Humanities problems will be solved. This is also a story
This is also a story that we need to clarify with our children
That we need them to understand is a story a mythology that's designed to make them go limp
And uh sovereignty doesn't work that way responsibility doesn't work that way adulthood
Doesn't work that way you need to learn history
You need to learn history before it's erased forever and you need to learn the biology that they have
Distorted
Throughout our history in order to enslave us
You see that's what a charlatan does they take and distort truth
To the point where it is no longer useful to you and then they use that mythology against you
And we have handed over power to charlatans long ago. It's actually not us. It was our parents
Maybe even their parents that handed over power to these charlatans, but it has been the
Handing it down through the generations. That is what we need to break and that is what gig ome biological wants to break is this
generational
Mythological inheritance because we have inherited a mythology from our parents
Who an inherited it from theirs and this mythology needs to be broken
As we break it, we need to be very careful to make gentle the light of life of this world
rather than allow
the
Global chaos that I'm almost certain
These controllers need to happen. They can't reorganize and make a new order
without first starting from chaos and so
We have to realize what's happening here
And we have to be humble enough to accept that there are very few things that we ourselves can control
We're on a very very very powerful wave a wave of humanity
a wave across time and a wave of cross generations
And so in order for us to teach our children to surf this wave
We first have to be able to let them see it. We have to let them see it for what it is
And then actually it's quite simple to teach people how
to see the wave and avoid
the wave throwing them into the
into the coral reef
and
perhaps killing
Um
And that's what this is all about ladies and gentlemen. It is about staying focused on the biology
It's not taking the bait on social media
And loving our neighbors so that we can collectively
Pull our heads out
And the way that this stream works is that people share on twitter and on facebook and makes clips like suit spider does and like jeff
From from earth does and then shares them on instagram and other places that i'm not
Um, you can share rumble you can share twitch you can share youtube now and you can share
uh, the
Pier tube which is now working better because my friend Ted and I have added some memory
And I think that's going to help out a lot
Uh getting the transcoding to work. I think sometimes
When I was going too long then the transcoding did not have enough memory
And so that it would fail
And then we may have solved that problem now and so that might be just another step of
of a bit more
resilience in this message
And resilience is going to be needed because the message isn't going to be
Is not going to be preserved without um us actively doing it
The paradigm shift is about to occur ladies and gentlemen. It is a very serious paradigm shift
And um, the people that don't shift
Um are going to be angry about it and the people that do shift are going to be angry about it and and so we've got to
Pull people's heads out. We've got to make them drop their hands from their eyes
We've got to get them off social media as much as we can
Before this happens so that the illusion is not sustained through their unwitting active participation
And so I think one of the best ways to do that is to learn the biology and that's what what gig oem
Is all about we've learned the biology so that we can engage in united non-compliance
And yes, I am a human just like you
um, and uh, I am team human
not team humanity or whatever
um
Alex jones is now trying to hijack we've been calling it team human since 2020 and before so
Um, Alex jones hijacking that now is just absolutely
Hilarious welcome to gig oem ladies and gentlemen
Hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to the show. This is gig oem biological a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist
It is may 7th
um, and uh in in the spirit of the current subject of the study hall today, I thought I'd also wear a
throwback shirt
I don't know if anybody can remember the time when everybody was angry at erin rogers because he didn't take the shot
Um and made a big deal about him saying that he might have previous immunity or some other nonsense like that
um
And uh, so in throwing this shirt back on I thought I would also remind you that that had happened and how many years ago that was and
I I often think it's very important to remind people it's 2020 was a whole year
2021 was a
Was a whole year 2022 was a whole year
And 2023 was a whole year and 2024 is almost half over
And so anyone that's been paying attention as much as I have for the last five years
feels pretty wrung out
Feels pretty spread thin because we have been maintaining
our handhold on this for so long that our
our cognitive grip is straining
not because
We don't believe or because we don't understand or because the facts that we've found in those five years haven't edified
Everything that we've come to believe is true because it has
But the question now becomes at what point will other people start to also understand
We got a really good
um hat tip from
Substack today by a guy by the name of Joel Smalley
um
And so if you I don't know if I can just find that now that I send it to myself or something like that
It's really it's really a great
Sign that that some people are hearing us and I'm very excited about that Ruby. What's the problem?
Um
My dog's outside, but she's not normally outside, but it's it's somehow or another the that's the way things work today
So I don't know where she's doing now. Ruby. What are you doing?
Ladies and gentlemen intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb and the
blatantly obvious fact that no one whenever they address j
Um cooey or giggle and biological. They never addressed this primary message
This is the primary message of the show right now and has been since we were able to codify it this succinctly
I think it's really funny that yesterday on youtube there were lots of people in the chat who were saying that
Jay and calling him names because he won't write up his theories
I think I write up my theories pretty well so well that you know
They only take like three or four sentences and it's it's incredible that people want more
Instead of want to do the work themselves or to find out maybe why it is that I'm so confident to say these things
But transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and I don't think it's a crazy thing to say
I don't think it would have been a crazy thing to say in 2020
In fact, that's why I point out that robert melon will tell you a story on countless podcasts about the fact that he lost his career
Because he spoke out on behalf of jesse gelsinger's death and the fact that they went off the protocol and gave him a higher dose
And that resulted in him losing his career and getting to head up our or set up a breast cancer institute
And that pain and suffering
um was so great that uh and and he was so standing up for himself with this un blemished
track record that in 2020 when they said they were going to use a dentavirus to
Save people from a novel spreading virus in the uk with a
with a um countermeasure called astroZeneca and when they rolled out the j and j shot in america
We now heard nothing but crickets from from the melon family
And
Jill and robert were saying nothing and when the mr. And a was finally announced the only thing they could say was hey
We also hey, we also did that. Hey, hey
And so truck transfection in healthy humans was criminally negligent in 2020 and many many more
Professionals should have known this than actually apparently did and one of the most blatantly obvious ones
Is robert wallis melon
Somebody who i
Posit is probably a participant in the
Whatever you would like to call it sciaop the fifth generation warfare the governance by lying
That that that we are currently under
And that's the title actually of the sub stack hat tip that we got
The the government murders people and lies about it in order to govern us
And r&a cannot pandemic is a very simple thing for any advanced biologists to think about
Everyone from my former boss like edward mozer in norway
Or my former boss in in in in raltradam steven kushner or my former boss at the university of pittsburgh school of medicine
brian mac hooks
Or the department head at the university of pittsburgh
peter strick
Or any of the other people that i worked with in
in
The netherlands or in norway or in america or have ever seen at the society for neuroscience meetings that i've attended
Or have ever met at any of the meetings and and and gatherings that i've been in in italy for some of this hippocampal work
Any of those biologists are sophisticated enough that if off the cuff over a glass of wine
You said can you explain to me what?
Transfection means they would have a very succinct and very similar answer to what i have given you for its definition
Which is the use of r&a to express a protein where it doesn't belong
to upregulate or downregulate the expression of a protein using m r&a or d&a
And any number of methodologies to get it where you want it to be
And yet somehow or another all of these professional biologists who use
Transfection on their bench
All the time and their postdocs use
Transfection on the bench all the time and their postdocs teach their phd students to use
Transfection on the surgery bench all the time
Were somehow unable
To realize that this methodology would not be a good idea for their healthy parents
Their elderly healthy parents that they wanted to be around for as long as possible to have as many
Christmases with as possible yet and definitely not for their pregnant daughters
And yet somehow or another all of these people
All of them almost without exception
Still aren't speaking up
They're still quiet. They're still ignorant. They still don't get it
And the most hilarious story that we have been given recently is the one that Robert Malone gave on Steve kersh's vsrf
Podcast two or three days ago if you haven't seen it, please see it. It is must see viewing
Because Robert Malone
Exposes everything that we have ever
Talked about with regard to his claims early on versus his claims middle versus his claims now
And the evolution is absolutely incriminating
Because he didn't tell us the whole truth when he came out and he's probably still not telling us the whole truth now
And it is all because he plays for them whoever they are
The people who would like to end the national sovereignty that used to define the world
The individual sovereignty that defines our existence and our republic as we imagine it to be
And
The fact of the matter is is that RNA cannot pandemic and any of these people could figure it out or could explain it to you
But choose not to and many of them have chosen to lie to you about
What I have taught lie to you about what I have said or even distort or or or just not even say
That I've explained it adequately but pretend that I haven't
And
So it's just a question of time ladies and gentlemen, when is the best time for us to really
Roll over these people and give a five hour presentation where we show each one of them as liars
Where we teach the biology that they lied about
And that we demonstrate that we have been teaching this biology since the very beginning
What would a five hour show like that do with names and with actual videos from all of these people saying the things that I claim they say
Because I have hard drives and I have backups of those hard drives and other places that all show it
All I would have to do is just put the slide deck into powerpoint and just sit back and narrate it for five hours
And most of these people would be exposed
And not just a little bit not just like oh wow that's weird. No, I mean like exposed
And you yourself could do it with the same just all you would have to do is curate the videos that you find
You can't just find it and go wow
You have to take the link. You have to pull it down. You have to screen capture it
And you have to listen to two hours to get the three minute quote where he just says dumb stuff for three minutes straight
That you just can't say this and he never says it again
Because the lot of this was improvised because a lot of this is off script
They never thought there would be somebody like jonathan cooey
Who would be in need of control and who would resist the possibility of jumping on board with a book
Ladies and gentlemen, what I am proposing to you is very important to understand
what
What I am proposing to you
Is that this book is part of the same illusion that this book is part of
This book is the same book is the same illusion that this book is part of
And what this book represents for me and my family is an offer an offer amp
Just go with this story
Look how much money will pay you
Look at what a nice staff scientist position you can get after you
You you help with this book now, let's do an interview about the book
And tell us what your contribution was to the book and then they made that interview and then guess what
Children's health defense said that interview wasn't very good. It's not really going to sell the book
It's it's kind of it's like a I don't know. It's a weird can we record that interview again
Then we went on christmas break then jay's position was ended
This book was my opportunity to be emily cop
Or to testify in front of congress that there was a lab leak and that I know how they did it
It was it was with restriction enzyme reconstruction of a giant plasmid that you know, blah, blah, blah clones
It was right there all I had to do was say that clones could do it that clones can travel a little bit that there is
Some transmission
Wouldn't have to be very specific. I could have just you know kind of said I don't know but I I think
And everybody would have gone along with it. That's the reason why
Ladies and gentlemen, if you just open this book
It's worth buying for this one reason because you just opened the book and right in the beginning
Right there
Is my name
This book would not have been possible without the expertise and invaluable insights provided by jonathan j kui phd
And then gavin de becker, you know
Robert f kennedy jr's best friend
If they wanted me to not be known
I could have been included with all the chd defense team
Up here with some of my friends who are still some of these people are still my friends
Chd's wonderful half of these people are amazing heroes the other half I probably never met
This is not an illusion here
I'm not in the index of this book six times every single quote that I have in this book
Is real and important everything that I put in this book
Essentially because I knew where I was before this
This service ended
Before that I was done helping bobby with this book. I was already telling everybody that they faked it
I was already trying to
Make sure that everybody on the editorial team and robert f kennedy jr
Knew that once he asked me about infectious clones and I
Forced myself to read through it. I realized that they lied
That was the reason this book and writing it and helping robert f kennedy jr to write it
Is the reason why uh the impetus was given to me to really figure out what clones are and what they are not
And it made me realize that infectious clones are the way they lied
And they have been lying for a very long time
Because infectious clones allows them to start in the same place
And it allows them to start with whatever quantity they need in order for their experiment to work
And up into including if they needed a sequence to be found in several places on earth to be misconstrued
Has a novel spreading pathogen. It would be cake
And that's also in this book hidden inside of this giant 500 plus page book
Is a statement by jonathan j kui that says they don't even need a virus
There is an a a paragraph in here that says how they use infectious clones
To use to work on rna viruses that they could otherwise not work on
Because rna is not a pattered integrity can't put it in a cell culture and and have more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and
And more and more of it. It doesn't work like that
And they know it
And judy mikovitz knows it. That's the crazy part
Robert melon knows it. That's the crazy part
Vincent ranssen yel rachen yellow knows it. That's the crazy part. Tony fauci knows it ralph beric knows it
even frickin
probably peter desak knows it
They all know
That intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
They all know that transfection and healthy humans was always criminally negligent and they know that rna can't pandemic
That's why they're very confident telling stories about gain of function research and it's not going to be bad
And it'll be fine and wah-wah-wah because it will be
Because gain of function is a mythology
And if we teach our children that what happened in the last five years was a pandemic
Then that mythology will become reality for them
And they can be governed by the mythology of pandemics and public health
forever
And that means your grandchildren will turn over their biological data to the transhumanists
the globalists the the tyrants the
Slavers
That's what they are the slavers that are doing this
The slavers that are doing this
I
Dump that um
Just another Tuesday here on gig ome biological
Where our hypothesis is the who declared a pandemic of a dangerous novel virus, but yeah, it was really
Um, the goal was total surrender and they've done it with a massively spectacular commitment to lie
Um
Early what I want is how it looks a lot like this. I want people to complain
So what do I do?
I go to Des Moines
Ladies and gentlemen of people on the screen. I have nothing against Des Moines. I live there for four years
I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines
I go to seattle
I infect a couple of cases there
I go to north carolina
I go to wisconsin
What i'm doing is i'm using a dispersion method. I would say to the answer
I would say to the the person who says how do we know the clones are infectious
I think that's a good question. It's something that a lot of people have been putting on me
I don't think they're infectious. That's not the right word
What I think is is that if you sprayed RNA or you could apply RNA to someone's skin or
Make them inhale it and it was in a lipid nanoparticle
I think that there is biological potential for whatever the RNA encodes
To be expressed who I didn't start my watch
um
And and so what I what we should say is transfect
I do think that RNA and a lipid nanoparticle if it was aerosolized or applied in some other way that I don't know
Some methodology they could
Transfect people with an infectious clone. So we should call it a transfectious clone indeed
I think that would be the better word. So yes
um
And uh, I'll I'll play Giordano again because I think it's important to get it on screen early
But I want is high morbidity. I want people to complain
So what do I do?
I go to Des Moines
Ladies and gentlemen of people on the screen. I have nothing against Des Moines. I live there for four years
I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines
I go to Seattle
I infect a couple of cases there
I go to north carolina
I go to wisconsin
What i'm doing is i'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly morbid condition
These individuals complain again. This is a central nervous system condition
So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do
It'll produce some cascade of neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms
And then what I do the real bug that I use
Is the internet
I take attribution for that. Yes. I'm a terrorist group
And I have done this by infecting with a highly little agent and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are x y and z
These people are really sick with this
But then I say
Others who are also infected will show subdramal
predrome signs of lethality and what that will be is anxiety
sleeplessness
agitation
What i've now done is i've got every individual who is diagnostically hypochondriacle
And i've got every individual who's the worried well flooding the public health system banging on the door
The cdc comes back and says nonsense. That's not real
I come back and say
That's fake news
Okay, so now I want to clarify this a little bit because I do think that that we have to work on this part of the show yet
Um and this part of the message because
When I put this group of people on the screen, this is not an exclusive group
It's not an exhaustive group. I should have more pictures up here like kelly victory and dr
Drew
And and many many more people should be up here in all of these groups
Um, you know eric cappolino for example should be up here in the in the no virus corner
Uh, we should have other other
People on here, but these are the people that i've come in contact with these are the people that have had a personal
interaction with me
And so some of the other people that I know are important are just people that I have less personal
Experience with and so I I tend to stay a little more, you know, whatever on them
Now what I'm suggesting is is that the the just like the spars pandemic document
Which I have said repeatedly is just a public facing brochure of a much more detailed plan
military exercise that would have been classified or only available to people with the right lanyard
And I would suggest to you that dr
Giordano should be the scene as the same guy a guy who is a public facing youtube friendly
um
brochure if you will
For what is really going on and so when he tells you that they'll see it a few cases in a few places
And then use the internet to claim
Responsibility for it and use the internet to see the idea that there will be a symptomatic spread
That's an incomplete
public version of the the story and the operation
And the more complicated classified real national security version of this
Would include many of the people on this screen
And they would be playing roles like that described as epigirl
in the spars pandemic document, but not
Epigirl in the spars pandemic document where it's a uncontrolled
public person that's spreading information that's inconvenient for the state's narrative control
But rather
Epigirl would be people that the state put in place to make sure that the limited spectrum of debate which presupposes
Rather reinforces the presuppositions of the state
Not my words, but the words of nom Chomsky would be preserved the limited spectrum of debate
That protects and reinforces the presupposition of the state narrative
These people epigirls
Were put out there were given parts of the narrative and then given their own stage
Their own stage on sub stack their own stage on gab their own stage on telegram their own stage everywhere
Maybe even a podcast or 10
And
As they moved around on these stages and collected fans then fans got a piece of the truth and the rest of it was
The mythology that we've all been led to believe is what we need to figure out the
mystery of the novel virus and whether it's a lab leak or a natural virus the dichotomy that gets you nowhere
Of course, what's missing in that dichotomy is the third lie
Which is there are no viruses at all nothing zero zip and it's close
That's very close to the truth, but it's not the truth and the way that they have pursued
This position and maintained their position here
Belize the the likelihood that they are too in play at least some of them are playing with us
Because the most succinct way I can say it is is that although they're very very good at describing
Why there's no virus and the plays that were made
Uh, they can't quite come to the realization that people died
And so that means that people were murdered in order to preserve the lie of virology
And it would be such an easy way
For them to have scored a touchdown over and over again in 2020 or 2021 or 2022 or
2023 when hundreds of thousands of americans were being murdered under the pretense of covid and they did nothing
And that's what I believe
I believe that people like Andy Kaufman effectively are as bad as Robert Malone and as bad as Brett Weinstein and as bad as all these other
Proposers that purported to be
Opposing something but actually making sure that their followers would never ask effective questions and essentially get stuck in a hamster wheel
And unfortunately anybody that was watching me
Was also caught in a hamster wheel in 2020 and 2021 in particular because I was forced
Coarse tricked into a hamster wheel in 2021
When in 2020, I was actually crushing it
Um, and so also I have identified I can identify the people who got me in
I can identify the people who got me running in the hamster wheel and a lot of them are actually on this page
That's why I work particularly on these people and not other people. It's not that I I have a I have particular
Personal experience with these all of these people and so um, it is with great humility
That I suggest that we are still being misled by many of these people
Gosh, that is a great theme. It just makes me smile
Um, ladies and gentlemen today, we're going to watch mikovitz and witmore on xm rv from october
eighth
Uh, and it's a really interesting interview for what they talk about that's all i'm going to say
And i'm going to try and take some notes
I don't know if it's on abc or what this is in a vada newsmakers. I guess this is not abc
And again, you can see here. Shout out to mark. He's a tonic. Uh, he's a tonic live
Um, he's the guy who put this up. There's already 117 views. That's pretty encouraging
Um, if you're not subscribed to his channel, which is very likely you could do that that wouldn't hurt
Um, he's also got a two
That hasn't been canceled yet. So you could also do that
Um, some local news
Uh here and we're also going to see some throwback commercials
Which I may or may not watch just for for fun
Second work
I think it's playing. Oh, yeah, welcome to navada newsmakers on the program today a life-changing
Discovery from the whittemore peterson institute
You will be astounded on the program today a net whittemore and judy mikovitz plus on the parapundit panel today helen foley russel
infectious retrovirus xm rv
pro and paul eenos is all coming up next on all new navada newsmakers
navada newsmakers brought to you in part by the tahoe rino industrial center the world's largest industrial part
The world and the world and the industrial world journal and really have to work hard to get my voice to do that
I really need to move things up and down in order to get my voice to really act in such a way
It's very hard to talk like that all the time
What in the hell
I think this is a las vegas commercials. You're way inside local entertainment las vegas review journal get inside
Oh, that's no, that's wow
You want to watch these?
Xenomorphic meringue leukemia virus. Thank you very much
You
Oh, you don't want to watch them or hey, you've got to visit nothing bundt cakes. They literally sell nothing bundt cakes
I'm sorry. That's funny. That's a really good pun. Nothing bundt cakes. Oh my shit
Water resources come from fresh clean ground water. All right fresh clean ground water
That's awesome retailers businesses were all of a shot. Did you hear that?
You retailers retailers. Whoa, that's a deep voice. Well, then good for Nevada good for real association of the battle working to strengthen
Oh my gosh, that's the deepest voice I've ever heard. I'll tell you retailers create nearly half a million jobs for Nevada
I'm sorry sir. Your voice is so low that it can barely listen to it. It makes me feel like a child
a no-holds bar political horror
Now from the Nevada news makers broadcast headquarters here is sam shad
And back on Nevada news makers
We are thrilled to welcome the program and at wittemore
She's the president and founder of the wittemore piotis and institute and judy mikevitz
Is the director of research for wpi also a doctor
Um, I can't think of a more exciting program
I've done because what we're about to talk about is world-trattering news
I want to read if I could just the first paragraph of your press release
Uh, the wittemore piotis and institute scientist discovers a significant link between xm rv and ma cfs
Which we'll go into in a moment a recently identified retroviol
Retrovirus called xm rv has been linked to a debilitating neuro immune disease that affects more than a million people in the united states
Scientists from the wittemore piotis and institute located at the university of nevaterino
And their collaborators from the national cancer institute and cleveland clinic have discovered a retroviral link
to my myalgic encephalomyelitis
And chronic fatigue syndrome. They recently published their groundbreaking findings in the journal science
One of the world's leading journals of original scientific research global news and commentary the paper entitled detection of infectious retrovirus
xm rv in the blood cells of cfs patients is a major breakthrough in understanding the origins of this disease
Let's start out with the most basic, which is what is a retrovirus?
Okay, so there are only two other human
Let's um
Let's let's preface this first. I know i'm going to let it play don't get mad at me for stopping it for a second
But let's just preface it first remember
We don't have a vaccine for AIDS AIDS has already been around for 10 years or more 20 years or more now. It's 2008
and chronic fatigue syndrome and this this uh
This myelitis that he mentioned
um
These have striking striking striking parallels to long covid
And after this video if we have enough time depending on how much my mouth moves
Um, I would like to watch a very recently released video
By the american medical association about long covid with one of the time magazine hundred most influential people on earth
Um this korean immunologist who's been talking about long covid for four years
And how striking it is that what we were talking about what they were talking about in the 80s the 90s
the 2000s up to 2008
And explaining in a science paper that there's some retrovirus from mice
That can cause leukemia
Maybe responsible for crazy shit. You're not going to believe what she says in this video
um
And so let's think carefully
In terms of the historical context of what she's saying and what implications it might have for the fact that she is currently
part of the lalapalooza
She often could be considered to have her own stage. She has her own sort of version of the
The narrative her own version of the narrative that figures in her own
You know biology that figures in this whole story
And it's extraordinary ladies and gentlemen because we just are hearing
The words of people from the past and you can see
Hopefully if you've been studying with us me for a long time, you can see how obvious it is that this is one
Continuous game that has been played upon us that was played on our parents before it was played on us
And and and it is in a continuous game of obfuscation of understanding all this stuff is outside of us
All of this biology is what we must live in spite of
It's nothing to do with us
These are things that fight against us that work against us
Listen carefully
The most basic which is what is a retrovirus?
Well, there are only two other human retrovirus is known
human t cell leukemia virus and hiv the retrovirus that causes aids
Cell leukemia virus there are only two other human retrovirus is known human t cell leukemia virus and hiv the retrovirus that causes aids
both of these viruses cause
Cancer is neurological diseases immune deficiencies and inflammatory disorders in man
That xm rv is only the third human infectious retrovirus shown and that's what our work just did
What made you so wait did she just say human t cell leukemia virus
Isn't that h t lv? Isn't that the virus that
um mark hu satanic has been
telling us a story about a pre judy mikovitz
kind of character that
tried to explain
Didn't she try to explain maybe even aids with
h t lv
And then somehow or another kind of got discredited like a fall lady
You know a fall guy and got blamed for something that didn't wasn't there
And wasn't that with hilary kaprowski?
Who risquetty who she actually did this work with actually also worked with so it's like one continuous mentor chain
mentor chain being you know inheriting good ideas from people that you consider smart
And so the person who
Who taught risquetty was hilary kaprowski
You know the Stanley plot can hilary per kaprowski
um leaderberg, you know this generation of of of charlatans
Stanley prussner
And now it starts to become all very clear already because if she's saying human t cell leukemia virus, what would gig ombiological say
Well gig ombiological would say what we've been suggesting for almost two years now. It is possible
That a lot of this
Baltimore
classification system is a
mythology
That has been used to bamboozle all of academic biologists into believing that these signals and these enzymes are the exclusive purview
of obligate
molecular pathogens in the wild rather than an echo
Of
communication mechanisms and enzymes that we ourselves use for particular reasons
And so when you say that a t cell leukemia virus exists what the suggestion here is with this
Mythology is that it's a virus. I guess it comes from somewhere else
because it's a virus
And then it causes t cell leukemia
hmm interesting
Imagine a scenario where your immune system uses retroviruses to communicate between t cell clones or across t cell clones
And that if that communication mechanism were to go awry
Then t cell populations or t cell clonal populations could be dysregulated
Imagine if you discovered this mechanism and wanted to maximize its usefulness to you in terms of governing a population or a world
Imagine if you started to understand human biology, but you didn't want
Humans to know
Well, the easiest way to do it would be to tell people that what you had discovered wasn't part of them
And I think that's what a lot of these people have been lying about for a couple generations now a couple
Generations of mentorship have been passing on a lie
About the fidelity of our understanding at this size scale
And exclusively telling a story that all of these signals are exogenous
And that none of them can be endogenous and certainly none of them can be endogenous during a state of health
And this is the biggest lie probably in human history
Because all other lies fall off of it because this is how they have
removed our reverence for ourselves removed the respect that
Previous generations of academic biologists have had for the irreducible complexity the sacred that is still present
But for some reason most academic biologists can no longer see
And the giddiness with which she presents the ideas to come are actually absolutely extraordinary
If
mice have
retroviruses
And monkeys have retroviruses and people have retroviruses they are not
And they cannot be the most parsimonious explanation is that they are not all
Obligate molecular pathogens
from nature
But rather the more elegant more beautiful more more irreducibly complex
Explanation would be that all
Eukaryotic tissues use exosomal communication for signaling and that the higher
The organism is and the more complicated the pattern integrity is the more intricate
the
Exosomal communication the retroviral communication would be
expected to be
That's where we are. That's where those people were 30 years ago
And they've just been committed
spectacularly to lying about it so that it can be used to govern us it can be used to profit from us
Can be used to limit
Our understanding of ourselves
Undermine
What should be what did I say on the phone to care this morning in a text is like the perfect words
the perfect words
However, you explain creation
There is a reverence
I believe all thinking humans should naturally develop and if they don't it's because they were prevented from developing it
However, you explain creation there is a reverence. I believe all thinking humans should naturally develop and if they don't
It's because they've been prevented from developing it
I
Keep going Judy
Because this was originally discovered in prostate cancer tissue
Of men with a specific genetic immune system defect by dr. Silverman of the Cleveland Clinic
Why did you put that over to CF? I agree with Pamela in the chat. Pamela is such an angel
And she's right the Cleveland Clinic comes up a number of times
uh
And um and also in the pandemic the Cleveland Clinic is a good red flag to have just like columbia
Sammy that that to no one
There's a couple other places. The prostate cancer gene number one is an antiviral enzyme
Sorry, I gotta go back over to the cfs of an improstate cancer tissue
Uh, this is important and inflammatory disorders in man
That xmrv is only the third human infectious retrovirus shown and that's what our work just did
What made you look for this because um, this said was originally discovered in prostate cancer tissue
Of men with a specific genetic immune system defect by dr. Silverman of the Cleveland Clinic
Why did you put that over to cfs and me that that genetic link was the the heretic
I need to write that down because that's obviously stuff. I gotta read this
Was originally discovered in prostate cancer tissue
Of men with a specific genetic immune system defect by dr. Silverman of the Cleveland Clinic
Why did you uh, put that over to the cfs and me that that genetic link was the the hereditary prostate cancer gene number one
Is an antiviral enzyme that is also a hallmark of the abnormalities of me cfs patients
So we thought that we were we reasoned that if this um if this virus is infecting men with this immune
Defect in causing prostate cancer that it might indeed be the culprit in um cfs
What were your thoughts when you first started going down this road?
Well, I knew that uh, the one thing that we had to do was look for
The answers and I believed that all along we were going to find an underlying pathogen
It just it didn't make sense that so many different viruses had been claimed to have caused this disorder
So, you know, I I was absolutely thrilled. This is exactly what we started
So so many different viruses had been claimed to have caused this so many different viruses
I wonder what viruses she's talking about. Judy just said there were only two before this one
Um before xm re there was only h t l v and aids, right? That's weird
Hey
Thank you very much, Pamela. That's some good good work right there
You know, I I was absolutely thrilled. This is exactly what we started out to do
One of the things that that has been so frustrating for sufferers from chronic fatigue fibromyalgia and other related illnesses
Is that for a long time people thought that doctors thought that they were crazy that the symptoms that were coming up
Um that the system I really feel like place they showing up in another place
I really feel like that all of us should be incredibly skeptical when we see these kinds of historic videos and realize that this is long covid
This this phenomenon
Which he just said a lot of people would just say that you were crazy and the doctors didn't take seriously has existed for a long time
or phenomenon like it
Have existed for a long time and have bet we have been offered several different explanations over the generations
And that fact in and of itself should be extraordinary. It's probably not a fact that very many college kids
know because their knowledge of history is so fragmented
And the biological history is very important here because it's objective history
It's of history not of what people said and that's well it is a
It's a history of what people said but about specific ideas
And I think right now
One of the advantages of gigo and biological and following gigo and biological regularly and maybe even supporting or sharing gigo and biological with your family and friends
Is that we try as much as possible to stay focused on this stuff that can be objective
Um, which is really the biology or the
Immuno mythology that has been substituted for it
And I think we're seeing it in real time in 2008. I think this is a person
Who was participating in that ongoing bamboozlement the vaccine schedule
And explaining away what it is and what it is and has been an ongoing problem
And that's what you're going to hear very shortly
It's been an ongoing problem and I think that judy mikovitz has been out there for a long time
obfuscating that problem with
stupid complicated explanations
that could be simplified to
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb not
You know xm rv and latent viruses and all this other
Absolute nonsense. I'm sure
And and there was no way to track it
It's it's really been very very interesting
And um, the exciting thing is that judy can tell you that how the virus works
And every one of the symptoms makes sense because of that
So it's wonderful to be able to have this puzzle just all the pieces come together suddenly and fit so well
Um, but I'm certainly she can she can speak to what i was going to say specifically, you know
Let's relate it to women
A lot of the problems that women have suffered with this
You have now been able to track down in an incredible detective work
Right, uh correct. So, um, it's it's a simple retrovirus, which means it's it's expression
The honor off is controlled by just in we've we've just learned this
It's unpublished data by just three things the response to hormones and the response to
Um inflammatory cytokines. It's called a nf kephobe element. So
Cortisol, which is the stress hormone is it turns on the virus very rapidly and continues to have it expressed
So do um inflammatory events like as caused by other pathogens
And so do hormones like androgens in progesterone
Which also makes sense with regard to prostate cancer and inflammatory prostate cancer
And the disease being more prevalent in women
um one of the things that uh
Is common here is that that this is uh, not an airborne disease, which is something that people had potentially thought about
I mean, this is something that's all over the world. I mean, it's just stunning
But it's it's it's actually fluids and blood that are being that's correct. I think
It's all over the world. That sounds like something that's a background signal
It's been there all the time and now they're going to try and convince you that some background signal is significant
It's kind of the same play
And we're supposed to take Judy's word for it
It's kind of the same play. It's all over the world already
It's actually interesting. Maybe they they realized at some point in this little maneuver that the all over the world signal wasn't going to scare anybody
That a latent virus that's always been there in the background all the time isn't going to impress anyone
As an explanation for a phenomenon that they can't do anything about
And so I wonder if this is just you know
We're really dealing with a bunch of hamfisted half-wits
Who because of the fact that they have easy access to weaponized piles of money feel under some obligation to govern us
But they're liars they're posers. They're actually not that smart and they use people like Judy who aren't
Aren't capable of covering up for that sort of hamfisted
uh
You know, it's that's all it is. I feel like there's a lot of incompetence that's behind this
I feel like that's why we're so off-script and that incompetence has actually been there for longer than we imagine
Because that's what it is right if you have hundreds of people that are unwittingly
Reinforcing a group of lies, which is a mythology, right?
And it's just a mythology about biology and they have been tricked unwittingly or wittingly into just playing along
You know, you could even look at it like it just to self-deprecate a little bit
You could even make it you could just use myself as an example. Maybe me spending my time on
Nicotinic
Acetylcholine channels in mice
was
a pretty good bet in terms of well, it's better that he spends his time on that than he spends his time on something else because
He's not likely to figure anything big out if he works on that stuff
And so there are lots of academic biologists that are working on exactly what they want to work on because they're interested in it because it's neat
Because irreducible complexity is everywhere because the sacred biology is everywhere if you only know how to look for it
And so all of these biologists are just happy to be able to look for it every day
To be allowed to see the details of it every day
Unwittingly they have wasted their cognitive energy focused on something that won't prevent the enslavement of their grandkids
They're not even aware that the enslavement of their grandkids is a goal of these people
And
That's why i'm so optimistic that we can wake up. There's still video like this
There's still a possibility to be able to show or everyone the historical step by step
Of how they got us to believe that virology was this high fidelity thing
They got us to believe that virology was very high fidelity by putting judy mikovits on television in 2008 really
I
The apprentice of rusketi who was the apprentice of kaprowski
Really?
I mean man just please don't make mark's work go to waste
Please spend some time looking at the material that he's putting together on these people
The connections that he's identifying between these people and the historical significance of the fact that robert melon traces some of his intellectual
inheritance back to muri gardener
Ladies and gentlemen there are going to be rats jumping out of this ship quickly now
And they're going to be pretending that they're not but they're screaming and screeching and running for the holes
Because this ship is going to sink fast now
Because we are close to a very collective understanding of oh my gosh. It's really that bad
And it's going to be easy if we're if we do it right for all of and I mean all of western
Civilization all the republics that are potentially savable for all of their populations to realize that they've been bamboozled collectively
Not just by america, but by all of their leaders. That's how the EU came into existence
And so one of the things that we need to connect in our rhetoric
More often is the idea that the EU is a product of the same
governing liars
That whatever's happening in america is up up a product of and whatever's happening in australia
New zealand in canada is a product of whatever's happening in the uk
These are all the same weaponized piles of money that are doing what they can
Depending on the context. They can't do the same things in america that they can do elsewhere in vice versa
And so that's why all of these stages in this lala palooza look very different and why people in australia
Can't always agree with me because they're watching a different stage. They were saying different songs
Therefore, they have a different experience a different group of bad guys
And a different group of fake scooby-doo actors
They didn't even see the show that we saw
And so from their perspective, they see america is different and europe is different and and so if we take that into account
This is the way to bring all those pictures together because we all share a history
and
That history is much more streamlined because of
The nature of media and social media when we get pre-social media
Things starts to become extremely streamlined and it becomes say when mark
finds a newspaper article from 1980
That is the culmination of not only the author but the typesetter and the editor and the editorial people and whatever and they chose to put that there
It's not just some some
Ranting lunatic on on sub stack
Who can you know cut and paste things together and now voila we have some kind of thing
No, this is a newspaper article back when newspaper articles were difficult to get took some time and effort of multiple people
And
Once we start to analyze it from that historical perspective
And we start to see these stories as they are and put them into the context of the immunomythology that was foisted upon us
Over the last four years. It becomes blatantly obvious
What are you peeping about
I think my wife just came looking into that and and describing that
Only so that we can but but in the history of these other viruses. That's what they've you know discovered
It's not your point. Okay. Yes. This this has way more ramifications than just CFS and me
I mean, you know, we have been a very strong supporter of the autism community on this program and tried to cover that as much as possible
What effect might it have on the autism community with this research?
Well, and findings. I mean, it's beyond just research. I think you know, yeah, we've actually we're excited to it's it's not in the paper
And it's not reported, but we've actually
Done some of those studies and we found this virus present in a number
Um in a significant number of autistic samples that we've tested so far
So there is tremendous potential for this to oh my god
Something that will be solvable for the autism community be linked to it to know a number of neuro immune diseases including autism
It certainly won't be all because there are you know genetic defects that result in autism, but they're all so
Oh, there are genetic defects that also result in autism. Is that so really? Oh wow
Interesting theory that I as a neurobiologist think is bullshit
Wow, I mean, we're just I mean, this is just a home run. This is it. This is the end
This is the time when the dam starts to break. This is it
All the pieces are here
T cell retroviruses really no shit
Maybe there are even B cell retroviruses. No shit really is that how light chain systemic amyloidosis works
from a B cell myeloma
I wonder if if kevin mccaren has ever explained what a B cell myeloma and systemic light chain amyloidosis is
Or is he just focused on the spike protein?
Ladies and gentlemen capital l capital a capital i capital r capital s liars
have been used against us
And have foisted upon us a mythology
That we have been governed by for decades and they are trying to invert our children's sovereignty
By doubling and tripling down on this mythology once and for all
That's why robert malone has made no comment at all in four years about the veracity of
judy mikovitz's biology
That's why judy mikovitz hasn't made one comment about whether or not robert malone is to be trusted
Because muri gardener
And resketty and gallo
connect them
Thanks mark
The environmental effects there is always, you know, we the hypothesis that my child was fine and then they got sick and then they got autism
Interestingly on that note if I might speculate a little bit on the vaccine this might even explain why vaccines
lead to autism and some children because
This these viruses
Live and divide and grow in this lymphocytes the immune response cells to be in the t-cells
Imagine the implication that the immune system is being hijacked by retroviruses. Oh my goodness
I'm sorry. It might take it might take a while for this to sink in
But mark and I have been
Been talking behind the scenes about the idea that retroviruses are the way that the immune system regulates itself for at least two years
Maybe three mark and tell you when I first said it
Because he he inspired it in me because he was talking about packet communication and in in computers and and it just suddenly snapped in my head
Holy shit, that's what it is
Because the immune system can't possibly regulate different clonal populations of B cells and T cells with cytokines
There's no way to explain the patterns of T cell activation and T cell gene expression and T cell clonal activation and deactivation crescendo and de crescendo of inflammatory responses
With chemokines and cytokines that's not it's not it's not exhaustive at all. It doesn't even come close to explaining it
And I said it before I fully understood it the other day
But David Baltimore has been telling us this lie that all of this scheme of virology is outside of us that we don't do anything
But do DNA to RNA RNA through a ribosome we get proteins and that's us
But outside of us are all these much more complicated
Obligate molecular pathogens that have figured out all these different ways to use
All these different versions of genetic material that we never use
We would never use even in a little while or in a little example or in a little place or in a different system or for a particular case
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
You should understand yourself as DNA to RNA to ribosome to protein and this virology stuff is where
single-stranded DNA matters or double-stranded RNA can be copied or RNA can be
Can be replicated or that the the regulation of RNA can be done with
With copying it or to alter it or to splice it or no. Oh, none of this is us
This is all how RNA viruses work and retroviruses work
They
Take a cell that doesn't use retroviruses and make them make retroviruses
They take cells that don't have anything that resembles this and make them do it
And here is judy mikovitz in 2008 assuring you that she's tested autistic kids and found xmrv in them
Now I want you to ask yourself has chd ever interviewed judy mikovitz
Has chd and any of their employees ever dug down into this problem
dug down into what's happening or did they just give her a mic and let her go
Because health freedom, you know health freedom. We just want to get everybody a chance to talk
Even if they're full of shit like robert malone was on the beach
It's okay. It's just you know, it's the way that chd works
They've got these these satellite organization these chapters and they can't control the chapters
So the chapters can do whatever the hell they want to which means any useful work that done by brian hooker or any of these other heroes
Can be infinitely diluted by the stupid shit that any one of these chapters does
Not a whole lot you can do about it. And they failed to start a chdeu chapter
But they spent a lot of money wasted a lot of money trying to start a chdeu chapter
And of course I wouldn't be able to talk about any of this had I taken the
$8,000 non-disclosure agreement offer that they gave me when they ended my position in december of
2024. Thanks a lot guys of january 24. Thanks a lot for all the help mary
And I say mary holland because I know for sure that lisa bono is a good person at lisa bono should probably be the ceo of chd
And everything would be fine. She's the one who actually has skin in the game
Who actually got robert f kenney to jr to pay attention by sitting on his porch
mary holland just happens to be a former faculty member of columbia university
Really
And she gave up a columbia faculty position to become ceo and
Part advisor to chd just in time
I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen. I don't buy it
I don't buy it at all. That's why mary holland is on robert melone's list of bad guys
That's why george web is on robert melone's list of bad guys
That's why sasha la to pova is on his list of bad guys
And in fact that was a while ago that she got promoted to that list
And
That's why robert melone was making a huge fake deal about how angry is that sasha la to pova on
steve gersh's podcast two days ago. It's all in elaborate
theater
And they've got more and more actors working off script because people like jessica hocket and nick hudson
And mark kulak and jonathan kui have been throwing wrenches into the machine
For three years and they're starting to have an effect
And now unfortunately the internet is coming back to bite him
Because the truth is actually still available probably by design
Because as i've said before the idea is to slow roll us to control the demolition of all of these western republics
And so if they're going to slow roll us to the truth they have to slow low it roll us to a lie
About how it's all our fault and about how it wasn't a coordinated 30 year 40 year effort of liars
That are interested in enslaving our grandkids which is actually what it is
And judy mikovitz plays for that team and has been playing for that team since 2008 wittingly or unwittingly she might not know it there
She might not know it at this time, but she's going to find out and she found out before the pandemic
I'm absolutely certain of it and my main indication is that she has no opposition
Nobody tells you that judy mikovitz is full of bull. No one does. Robert Malone
ryan cole
peter mcculler
tommy
hat phil
meryl nass
anyone
The answer is no
Because she's old school
So when you give a vaccine you you you send your b&t cells in your immune system into overdrive
That's its job. Well, if you're harboring one virus and you replicated a whole bunch
You've now broken the the balance between the immune response and the virus
So you could have had the underlying virus and then amplified it with that vaccine and then set off the disease
So essentially she's forgiving the vaccine for having not known that a virus was there
If we would have known that the virus was there
She's almost arguing for a vaccine against xmorv so that they get rid of that first. Maybe we should give a
Mark, maybe we should give a vaccine to babies to get rid of the xmorv so that they don't have it
So then the vaccine schedule will be safer
We could give like a pre vaccine vaccine that would get everybody safer for the oh my gosh. I can see it now
It's awesome
Your immune system could no longer control other infections and created an immune deficiency
Wow
She's so excited and happy
She was able to succinctly explain the causes of autism and AIDS all in the same paragraph
I think we should roll it back and listen to it again. It was so good
If I might speculate a little bit um the vaccine this might even explain why vaccines um
lead to autism and some children because um this these viruses um live and divide and grow in
This lymphocytes the immune response cells the B and the T cells
So when you give a vaccine you you you send your B and T cells in your immune system into overdrive
That's its job
Well, if you're harboring one virus and you replicate it a whole bunch
You've now broken the the balance between the immune response and the virus
So you could have had the underlying virus and then
Amplified it with that vaccine and then set off the disease such that your immune system could no longer control other infections and
Created an immune deficiency. Let's take a break more on this very exciting discovery when we come back
Very exciting discovery and the two guys who kind of plotted into question just happened to be dead. Oh
Mm-hmm
To contact nevada newsmakers you guys want to watch the commercials or not vote in the chat
Otherwise, I'm going to click through go to nevada newsmakers.com. I'm attorney maryland york
We only seek men as clients. If you are a man burdened by divorce
Please visit our website at www.marylandyork.net to learn more about your rights. We are Reno's largest
Okay, no commercials god. You shouldn't be a gamble call employer
Minor and I'm sure you to greatly helping my clients reach the one minor addiction real team 74 to 12 80
Thinking and she metal has you covered with great products from firestone. Happy your building. I
Do you deserve a fair financial work? Wow a lot of attorneys and now a lot of attorneys
So it's Sam shan
And back on the vada newsmakers on a great day here with with a net with a more president and founder of the would a more peterson institute
And judy mikevitz who is the director of research for wpi you wanted to clear up something about vaccines
Well, I just wanted to say that you're certainly are advocating
Vaccinations and understand how important those are to the well-being of the children
but um
With a net with a more president and founder of the would a more peterson institute and judy mikevitz who is the director of research for wpi
You wanted to clear up something about vaccines
Well, I just wanted to say that we certainly are advocating vaccinations and understand how important those are to the well-being of of the children
But um, what we're hoping for is by finding out whether or not somebody is positive to xm rv
Whether it's one family member or another brian hooker is the reason chd exists
I've become convinced of the fact that brian hooker is under the control or under the
Under the auspices of chd because that's all they can do
If you're going to buy a book from chd and you're not going to buy the wuhan cover up
Just so you can send it to me and have me autograph it then I suggest you buy this book
This book
This is the book you should buy backs unbacks let the science speak
It's not an exhaustive book, but there's an awful lot in here
And if you ignore robert f Kennedy jr
And ignore del big tree than what you're essentially doing is buying a book by brian hooker who has
Um
The ultimate skin in the game and I think is the reason probably why chd was formed in the first place besides
hulora bono's great courage and all of the moms and dads that are involved in the movie vaxx
Um, the reason why
Is because of brian hooker because he was the only one who had the courage and the guts and the drive to drive all the way
Across the united states and meet with that guy
From the cdc and actually get him to confess and give him the data
Which showed that the cdc was hiding especially in effect in the young black children
And this book is a descendant of that that crusade and it is a a best
culmination or
Compilation excuse me of of papers that show
That that vaccines are ineffective and that vaccines actually hurt
children
um regularly
So this is the book that chd should be selling only this book
Um, and yet somehow or another chd is also selling this book
Which I think is a great big shitty lie and also selling this book
Which I think is a really large collection of lies
Um interspersed with some real biology that I was able to get in
I'm not saying robert f kennedy jr. Is a liar
I'm saying that robert f kennedy jr wrote a book
Based on the fact that he thinks a lot of the people in this book are genuinely not liars
Brett Weinstein
Jeffrey sachs
Richard e bright uh tony fauci
Peter desak and ralph barrack are all in this book and from bobby's perspective
He can't see yet what I am trying to teach on this
on this stream
But I've tried to show it to him and I think he understands that it's at least a possibility
But this is a historic document to show you what these people lied about and what exactly they said
And so I think it's a very useful document
um
And I am very proud of the contributions that I made to it
Even the fact that in that book is codified the trick
The trick that I got played on me
Um, we can talk about that later. I don't want to use too much time on this in this stream to
To talk about that book
We should do a stream sometime about that book because we can cover every part of the thing that I put in that book
Um, and then we can also say what I think um
What the main
Not mistake, but the main thing that they wanted to use me to do was to reinforce the idea that diffuse was something real
Um, and I did not do that, but I kind of did it
And they still had a quote from me that I couldn't deny and I couldn't really ask him to take out
I guess I could have
Um, where I said that a lot of other scientific grants are done before they're submitted
And so it wouldn't be crazy
If a grant from a virology lab, um, would have data in it that was already completed
Or experiments in it that were already completed and so he and other people like charles rixie and andrew huff
Have used that idea
Um, whether they got it from me or not. I don't care
Use that idea and and really gone and run with it with the the idea that in academic biology
Um
Like where I was working at the university of pittsburgh many of those neurobiologists will have
Let's say
All of their experiments will have pilot data
And then they'll show that pilot data in their grant proposal so that the grant committee understands that the experiments already can
Work and the data is already gatherable
And the methodology is already work and so under that pretense it would be possible
For someone to make the all that's awesome
It's perfect. Thank you very much the disingenuous argument that
Um
That these the diffuse proposal represents experiments already done. However, I would argue that
um, any
grant proposal in the context of biosecurity or in the context of
Of of DARPA or or other government
Defense programs that those experiments are much less likely to be held to the same kind of scrutiny
With regard to preliminary data and again
How can I make that argument because in a grant proposal when you have preliminary data it would be there
You see the one thing that they left out of the argument
And it's in the book you can read it in the book
But but people like handrew huff and charles rixie who try to use this argument as though it makes sense to them
And they understand it because you know, they've never been in academics
Well, handrew andrew huff has been in academia for a little while so he might understand that a lot of times grants are
Semi-completed the experiments proposed are semi-completed so that you can show preliminary data
But the funny part is and this is where you can see right through it
And why my contributions to this book are actually very good still is because when I explain that
When I explain that a lot of times when grants are
Submitted the data can already be done or some of it can already be done or the experiments can be ongoing
I explained that the reason why is because that preliminary data is necessary for the grant to be approved
But if there's no preliminary data in the diffuse proposal
Then why make the argument that the experiments have already been done
It would have created more likelihood that their experiments would be granted and funded had they shown
preliminary data
And since the diffuse proposal has no preliminary data then the argument that it's probably already been done
Is actually a pretty stupid argument because if they had any preliminary data that could show
That some of their experiments proposed were already being done
Then it would have been more likely for them to get that that proposal funded
But instead that proposal was not ever going to be funded that proposal was created
With the intention of getting this back on script
To make sure that there would be even more wood on the fire
Of the scooby-doo mystery
And that is why charles rixie came to my house
Because we had to do a show and he had to come and convince me in person
That the diffuse proposal was not to be discarded as as as a
Ruse
But to be taken very seriously because he's a marine and a marine gave it to him or something like that
Ladies and gentlemen, the illusion is breaking and it's breaking because of marks
historical work
Because of our biological work and because how the history of this biology is where the truth is to be found
It's a
unfortunate synergy for the people who don't like us
And then looking forward in children
You could all alter the immune response in such a way or protect the child and still be able to vaccinate and avoid
Autism in these kids. So and again, I don't think that either one of us are sitting here and saying vaccination causes
Autism rather a number of factors a genetic susceptibility to the illness
The infection itself and then on top of that you're adding something to that mix that that takes that child
mod R&A
I would suggest to you that I'm gonna keep this paranoid stuff up forever now
This is where I am because this is the truth if you don't like it start a podcast. I'd be happy to watch it
I better be hilarious
Just to make sure you know that I don't block people in the chat. I I watch all the
All the stuff go by including your silly stuff
Have fun
over the top, you know
one of the things that's interesting to me is that
You know, we're not very far away from actually being able to resolve a lot of the problems for these people
I mean we've seen with HIV AIDS
That it has not been put under control for many many people
And are we looking for the same thing for not just ME and CFS but for many other diseases as well?
Yeah, absolutely. So we as you said, we've got a lot of experience in drug development and these retrovirus is
Work the same so we have drugs that are already FDA approved on the market that we can now begin
Rational clinical trials and and actually treat and and come close to the proving causality when when we do indeed
Have people be coming close to proving causality coming close
But you know because it's a null hypothesis and you're going to always falsify it
Then you're never I actually get there right because papari and science doesn't ever get there. This is amazing
Better my heel so actually we are working on on treatments right now
And I think one of the biggest things that that we feel is very very important is that we continue this work on this pace
To solve this problem as quickly as possible
And that's going to require some funding and we're really hoping and we're working very hard right now with the NIH
To accommodate those needs and and get some fun. Yes, Jason
It does it does it does
Right with robber Malone's repurpose drugs nonsense clinical trials. Nice catch. I know that this was embargoed until today
By science magazine, but but what has been the result of the medical community?
I will let Judy answer that one because it's been phenomenal the scientific community has just been
They're just great data three times twice it
Close conferences at the end. Sorry what presented these data three times twice it
Close conferences. I think I think mark has nailed it. I think mark has nailed it
I think that this was a a plan
This was the first attempt. Maybe maybe the other one the the the the
The html v was the first attempt to try and and start to
Move forward with an explanation that involved viruses for more things and uh covering up whatever this
Um, me csf is
It's really extraordinary ladies and gentlemen. I don't think that uh, there's anything else to do just but keep working because this is a absolute slam dunk
Because again mikovitz rusketti
Hillary kaprowski muri gardener
Robert Malone
leaderberg
Prusner david baltimore
These these are all people that knew each other and existed at the same time and have
Have been in these back room meetings and presentations about these ideas
And if they didn't understand then they definitely understand now that we are being governed by this mythology
And I believe that all of these people are involved in a decades-long
sustaining
effort a a theater a theatrical effort
Designed to bamboozle non-government organizations and government organizations alike the entire populace of the world has been bamboozled by a
A few handfuls of of scientists
And a surprising number of them are americans. I mean i'm there's no doubt
Um, but these are these are scientists who are aligned to powers that are not american aligned to powers
That are super american or outside of america or who would like to bring down america
Maybe rockafeller
After they split up standard oil, I think rockafeller said he was going to bankrupt america of as the last thing he did
Rockafeller is also supposedly responsible for the modern medicine as we as it stands because he
He perpetuated the idea of pharmaceuticals and pushed them into into the medical schools
Isn't that the history that we're supposed to believe?
Well, then it seems very clear to me that maybe some of that is big truth
Weaponized piles of money have been orchestrating a controlled demolition of america since 100 years ago
Well, now it's making a lot of sense why fractional reserve banking is something that none of these people talk about
I'm the only biologist in the whole world who can say fractional reserve banking out loud and and and and be okay with it
And wanted an international meeting a few weeks ago and
You could hear a pin drop in the audience. It's amazement. The scientists are excited
Everyone's working on it. So we know we're going to get a lot a lot of help
But um, it's just amazement. It's it's an entire new field of men
I think she's bamboozled. I think she actually believes that it's possible she might get a Nobel prize for this
Um
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I I have the feeling that that is possible
Because I know what it feels like to think that you've discovered something new
I know what it feels like when other people tell you that holy cow this idea is wonderful
I felt it for just a little while while I was a neuro biologist in Norway because
The data that I was gathering in this one type of cell in this one location in the brain
was exclusively inhibitory
And in my imagination and exclusively inhibit inhibitory micro circuit could do something that a heterogeneous
Excitatory inhibitory micro circuit has a lot harder time doing
Because you have to balance the activation with the inhibition and that
Balance is needs to be very precise or certain certain patterns are not
Are not just going to spontaneously show up
But if you just wire everyone to everyone via inhibition then certain patterns are very easy to evolve
And
I had thought that
Inhibition was more important than excitation in the brain since I started in neurobiology because the the
The brain to me as a child
And I know this is going to sound crazy, but it's an idea that I've had since a child
The brain seemed to me more like an electric engine than a
Then a engine that needed fuel
The brain felt very much like to me whether it was on or whether the brakes were on
And so when I woke up in the morning, I felt like I was on maximum
And so for me
As I grew older
What that translated it into was that it really makes sense to me if I and when I got older I started to understand electric engines and
and and
Internal combustion engines and steam engines and all this stuff
And it started to dawn on me that electric engines might be how the brain works in other words
The throttle is always on full blast and then you use the brake to control
And so now imagine that the throttle of your brain is the gate when you're awake
And now you get all this sensory input that you can't possibly keep track of you can't possibly
Process all the sound all the proprioception all the
the
visual information all the taste information and all the old factory information that's present at once it's not possible
And so you need to have brakes in the system that put the brakes on
Things that you're not paying attention to and let the brake off when you want that information
And that made a lot more sense to me as a high schooler
Than the idea of thinking that neurons were turning each other on and then it was just a question of whether one was connected to the other
That didn't make any sense because then that meant that every connection had to be built
And then I got more sophisticated in neurobiology and I found out wait
They've already known that more connections than are necessary are present in the brain
And then they get pruned over childhood
And so then my brain even what my understanding was like oh wait
That totally jives because you would prune the connections that you don't use
And so then you would be left with the connections and control them by brake
And so then I got all the way out of high school and into biology and and thought I was going to be a doctor
And then it took another 15 years before I met a mentor that could say to me hey
You know
What is your idea about inhibition again? Tell me why that's cool
And then I said it and I explained this whole story and then he said I can make a model of that
And he made a model and it went in my paper and people were telling me oh my gosh, dude
You've really done something really special here
And then they started saying more and more often that actually the modeler
Had done something very special here and jays data
Supported the model
And then I started to realize that my my idea
was going to be taken from me
because I was an experimentalist and
And the model is what people cared about apparently the mathematical model that recapitulated the experimental data that I predicted I would get in got
Was now
essentially just edifying a model and the model was being credited with the idea and in fact
the Iranian
Modeler
Who made the model in my paper
Was on the front of science magazine a year later
As one of the top rising stars of neurobiology
But he was essentially on there because he was allowed to make a model based on my idea and my
experimental data
And so bear for a very brief period of time. I thought I was about to be a baller
I was going to become somebody that everybody's whose name they knew and instead that's not what happened at all
Instead a Chinese guy
Took shared first authorship because he made a virus that I don't think he made
I think he just bought and he went later back to the to China and started stealing ideas like the
Magneto protein that I've told you the story about before
The mozers went on to win the Nobel Prize a year and a half later
Edward and and maverick are awesome scientists
The guy that I worked with in Norway mental witter is an awesome scientist
But the nature of the way these things work is that if you make a model
Um, then for some reason or another that's that's your idea and that's your thing and and you become very special for it
Um, I had that idea in my head since I was a high schooler
And it came to fruition when I was 32 years old in Norway
And uh, it became the the idea of Yasser Rudy
And Yasser Rudy was put on the front cover of science. Um for that idea
An idea again. I I humbly submit that was in my head since high school. Basically. I just didn't know
That it would eventually come to be experimentally tested by patch clamp physiology
um by my own hands
Listen and everyone who's ever worked in this family of irises now that we shown it's a human and pathogen
And it's not to be sorry. Do not be sorry, daniel
That's not why I tell that story. What I tell that story for is for you to understand how academic biology works
I still succeeded
I got to go back to the netherlands with my wife and try to set up a lab there and I failed
In the netherlands for other reasons
I was trying to move on from that really good idea in Norway and because
That really good idea was a very small part of that nobel prize
Um
Catalog of work a very tiny part almost like a cherry on top of the cherry, you know, like oh, yeah
And by the way, there's this little detail
And it was a little detail that actually got my name
On the screen behind
Uh, edward mozer when he was accepting the nobel prize in 2014, which is pretty badass
To get a text from a friend who's sitting in the audience in Oslo and he says dude
Your name is on screen right now. Holy shit
That was the highlight of my scientific career
And I can't thank edward enough
For allowing me to be that tiny little handmaid Brit for being that tiny little part in their wonderful story
Um
But I want you to understand how academia works because that was their idea and that it started from their idea
I could have never
Put a frame
On my idea without their discovery that they got the nobel prize for the grid cell
And when that idea clicked into my head when I was still working in Oslo for for Johan storm
That idea was still
Take ownership of it like it's mine. It's like oh my gosh. I can build on that. That's I know
I look look look look look look look and everybody got excited about it
I was totally fine because it's not our ideas
When you play a great riff on the guitar
You can't take credit for that if you've been listening to joe satryani and and steve
Vi and and and miles davis and and and and all these musicians your whole life
And then some brilliant riff comes out. You can't blame that on yourself
And once some great riff like um
Like uh, however you explain creation
There is a reverence. I believe all thinking humans should naturally develop
And if they don't it's because they were prevented from it. I haven't come to these good ideas on my own
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
His words that are inspired by my friend erin and my friend jackie and my friend rita and my friend brian hooker
Who even though I don't have as much contact as I would like to I am absolutely certain to the bottom of my bones
That these are really courageous people fighting for the truth
fighting for our kids and yours and our grandchildren
But there are medlers ladies and gentlemen everywhere because we are governed by liars
And the lies they agree to tell us
And it goes back decades and once we acknowledge that it's just it's it's like taking candy from a baby
We're going to be done very quick. The threshold is going to be reached and the dam will break
Extremely excited you know you started this
Investigation because of your daughter and her lengthy
illness with cfs
What's your response now and what's her response? Oh
We are just absolutely overwhelmed. We are so excited to be able to put a name
to the
I don't you know path of their chin that's really been causing your problems
But there's always that little bit of sadness now, you know where you've held on for a really really long time and said
You know we're going to do this. We're going to do it and every once in a while we stop and and
We're a little bit sad for the lost health and on all the lost years
And then we just go right back out there and you know, I'm just I'm looking forward to all the new
Treatment options that are going to be available and we're actually we've already talked to a large group of scientists about possible vaccine
Judy has mentioned
To me several times that this is going to be it's really a vaccine to prevent autism then right because if xmorv
Is a dormant virus that gets kicked into full gear by a vaccination then if we could get rid of
We could get rid of xmorv first then actually we would make the whole vaccine schedule better
Judy mikovitz is on the verge of being a worldwide
Hero a Nobel Prize winning discovery
You see that right here to find a vaccination against this then hiv because it is a simple retrovirus
So yes, and that that is the amazing thing unbelievable
There obviously going to be a lot of people who have a lot of questions about this and this broadcast is going to be seen around the world literally online
Where do people come to find the information?
Well, we hope they'll come to our website and visit us at www.wpinstitute.org
We've put up a lot of information about xmorv
questions and answers and
We're hoping to do a what is it called when they post
You know, so they can post their questions and they can post their comments a board of some sort so
Right online and certainly you'll probably get quite a bit of feedback
Yes, and we'll put a link to your website on our website
I even though we've discussed how earth shattering this is
I don't think people are going to understand
But over the next few months as this rolls out and I just can't say
You know how excited I am for you and I also have a family member that suffers from fibromyalgia
We should speak to that just very quickly that fibromyalgia we include that in this group
We did bring in some samples and they tested positive as well. So there's a lot of folks out there that are going to find
That there's a reason for their symptoms. There is an answer and there are going to be some treatments that are going to make a difference
Huge promises to me. It is just one of your buildings finished yet. I know you know, it was really funny about a year ago
I told you to look at you
I said okay agenda items. What are we going to do?
We're going to find the underlying cause of this disorder
Developed treatments and we're going to have a vaccine
I said, well, do you think you can do that before the doors are open and then you know we can figure out
what we're going to do in that space, but um, yeah, I I am just absolutely thrilled and I do believe
Imagine if a national security operation chose you to be the forward facing
element
Of an operation to convince people that there was a solution for the imperfect vaccine schedule
And that you were told in a private meeting that if you just could get the public to buy this story
You will be a part of this governing structure for the rest of your career and take an illustrious position amongst us
This is 2008 ladies and gentlemen, this is not that long ago
But if you think of this as a multi-generational war and certainly an operation
That was designed to preserve the integrity of the vaccine schedule and that the vaccine schedule has existed for a lot longer than the pandemic
Then you see why
CHD's history is worth looking at
You can see why I can's history is worth looking at you can see why the history of
Judy mikovitz is worth looking at and you can see why none of these people ever talk about each other in any way really
Because this operation started before the pandemic the pandemic is supposed to be again the public view
The skilled tv watcher event
But the critical thinker
Armed with historical knowledge realizes that the covid pandemic was just an absolute
seamless continuation
maybe a crescendo
Of the narration and narrative that was already being foisted upon us in a continuous basis with a continuous stream of
characters
Since at least
The year 2000 maybe more probably much more if you look at
Mark's website and believe any of those things are real any of those historical documents are real which i'm sure they are
I'm just trying to bait you into realizing that mark has hours and hours and hours of reading for you to do even if you just skim it
Hours and hours of
newspaper articles which show the direct
intellectual descendants
Of these core medlers
Baltimore gallo gardener etc
Kaprowski
And and and stanley plotkin and leader berg
very big players
And so ladies and gentlemen, I think we're really close to a dam break here
And so we've got to keep the pressure steady
I'm going to keep playing this video, but I am going to try and get done with it in a little bit too
So it's not too long. It's already 151 g
That we are going to move very rapidly on this
And we look forward to you coming back and telling us more about the progress
Oh, okay. We've done right now about a news make is after this time out
Let me see what else comes up
So
Nevada newsmakers, okay, so we don't need to do that. That's great. So thanks very much
For joining me today. I didn't expect it to end right there. I apologize for that
Um, I do think that it's worthwhile for me to go through this really quick
I know some people get tired of it, but I do think that they have uh and dis
Discapacitated no de-capacitated our ability to exercise informed consent
You can't say no if you don't understand
And we've had a lack of understanding since before the pandemic and that wasn't really
As obvious to me as it is right now
Ever before um as some of you may know, I only really pulled started to pull my head out in 2022
And so I've got a lot of regrets
Um, I've lost people to this lie and probably helped them to
accept the coercive
Transfection because I was saying lab leak where I shouldn't have been
Um
They did this because there is an organized and intelligent manipulation of our conscious thoughts
And it is done by liars on the internet
Who agree to coordinatively lie about certain things
And at the beginning of the pandemic they coordinatedly lied about the existence of a novel virus
And then coordinatedly lied about how the illusion was created
The illusion was created by mass casualty events in
Uh, new york city in italy and in elsewhere and these mass casualty events in combination with testing
Were misconstrued as the start of a multi-year biological disaster
And that multi-year biological disaster as a worst case scenario was fueled by many different stages
On the internet many different points of view all of which were coordinatedly lying about the
potential for this novel virus to cause billions of people to die
And they are lying
Coordinatedly about the role that fear that the role that do not resuscitate orders
That pulse oximeters and high flow oxygen that ventilation that lack of antibiotic use or the poor use of steroids
Remdesivir, medazalam, etc
Opioid deaths that were escalating from
2019 onward with the intention of having more excess deaths to misconstrue as this problem
This pre-ordained death certificate fraud this pre-ordained financial incentives
Which made it impossible for the numbers to be correct
The track and trace that made it impossible for the numbers to be correct
And of course the PCR fraud the lateral flow test fraud and the likely sequencing fraud all of which
contributes to
Illusion of a novel virus and all of which is ignored by these performers
Including the no-virus people who have ignored
assembling this list for four years and especially in the context of debating anyone
Whenever they want to discuss with someone not on their team
They will exclusively only talk about the terms isolation
purification
and culture
When it would be very easy to dunk on all of us and say hey
Not only is isolation purification and culture all things that they lie about
But in order to preserve that lie they murdered people in america and in Italy
How succinct is that why do I need to write a sub stack what I can say it in two sentences
And
So I'm going to say it in two sentences again
I think that some of these people in the green circles
Are involved in ob-boost gating the show
Ob-boost gating the fact that we could have been here in 2020
If we were to listen to people like Knut with koski mike eden or or wolf gang wodar
But instead we listen to people and continue to listen to people like jessica rose
He'll uh harvey rice
Bret Weinstein
Meryl nass and and and robert malone all of whom have been coordinating their actions and coordinating their messaging since at least 2020
if not before
And the worst part is is that they invite nick hudson and they invite
Denny rancor to some remote location like romania
Pretend that there are everybody's listening and pretend that they're going to get their message out
And then they come back to the united states and they mislead the young people in the world about what these people said
And in the case of nick hudson, they just don't even tell young people that nick hudson exists and that he had something to say about no pandemic
And they ignore the part that denny rancor says about what the pandemic data in the united states looks like
Even though they purport to be fighting for america because they were invited to speak in front of the senate to try and bring truth
But the truth that they brought contained nothing to do with the message that nick hudson brought to that meeting in romania
And nothing to do with the message that that that denny rancor brought to that
Meeting in romania and instead they brought other people from that meeting in romania to the senate in the united states and it was robert malone who did it
robert malone is the one who made this list
Because he's got senator ron johnson's ear for whatever reason
And no matter how many times i tell them and the staff that that's not a good idea
It's going to keep going like this because this is a show
There are few things more dishonorable than misleading the young ladies and gentlemen and they are trying to trick us into teaching our children this bullshit
This bullshit about how it was a combination of a botched response and a novel virus and
Vulnerabilities that are different across races and and different batches that can explain this
But basically transfection will work in the future and it's fine for us to keep going
And r&a can cause a pandemic and it's doing it all the time
And it's a lie
And they're all sophisticated enough to know it robert malone was sophisticated enough to know it jessica rose is sophisticated enough to know it
jessica rose is only first off their papers our virology papers give me a break
They all know the limitations of r&a virology
There's no way that robert malone cut his teeth with muri gardener and doesn't know that there's a lot of lies being told about retroviruses
as being exclusively exogenous
Obligate molecular pathogens outside of us instead of a echo of something that exists
inside of us as part of our own biology
And all of these people are coordinatively lying about the significance of this list as if it's well it could account for some stuff
Stuff was made worse
But there was still a novel virus there's still long covid
steve kirsch
robert malone
jessica rose
brett wine steve
maryll nass novel virus long covid the whole nine yards even though we just watched judy mikovitz talk about
chronic fatigue syndrome and all these other things that have seemingly just disappeared now because there's long covid
Think about how biologically disingenuous it is for these people to behave like they behave
There's no other way to think about why these books were written and who published them
There's no other way to think about this deception
Just read it
Just read these words they ceded to gain a function narrative with scientific programs and peer-reviewed publications for years
All the publications of eco-health alliance funded by usaid are gray
Smoke screens they don't actually show any gain of function. They don't show anything
Other than they have the molecular techniques to make these sequences. That's it
And they can grow cell cultures, I guess
And they ceded mash casualty events with complications expected for
Transfection so that when they transfected us we would confound it with whatever happened with the virus with the spike protein
And that's what kevin mccairne
And flemming and and all of these people did wittingly or unwittingly
And the reason why they are so committed to these lies is because it's a national security operation
It is part of an ongoing controlled devolution of america that's supposed to cover up the
the the failing fractional reserve banking system and in the inevitable
um downcycling of a fiat currency like the dollar
And the chaos is being combined with confusion so that they can reorganize our national sovereignty system
Into a global prison
They are slavers ladies and gentlemen and they want to enslave our children and our grandchildren
And they're going to do it with lies lies that were implanted in our brains
Many many many many many years ago
And most of us are still very naive to it ladies and gentlemen. This is the thesis
The nia funded infectious clone may or may not have been used because an rna cannot pandemic
So if they really wanted
Biologists to believe it they would have had to put the signal there and lie about it
And people like robert malone are exactly the kind of people that I think are capable of lying about such an operation
I think
Pierre cori and and and and peter mccala and all of these these front line kind of doctors
All exhibit the behavior of people who are aware that they are part of a theater like this
And especially when they talk to me in person
Ladies and gentlemen, this has given giga home biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you a biobiologist
I hope you guys are okay with that show
If you want to share it, please do you can find it on rumble peer tube youtube and twitch
And you can also find all those links that get going biological.com where you can also
find lots of different ways to
Support the stream with a one-time donation or a monthly donation
Anything you can provide would be greatly appreciated because
Unlike steve courches
Vaccine safety research foundation that is getting money from the places like the skull foundation, which also supports pbs
NewsHour
This show is only supported by people like you
It's it's really actually that steve courches organization is not like that the flcc pays
Pierre cori $230,000 a year as part of their work
The guy who's got a ivermectin book
Sure, he needs $230,000 a year as an extra salary from the flcc
Because he's doing such great work ladies and gentlemen if we don't show these posers
For who they are our children are going to be accepting them as the coming technocracy is in
Hiscacled so to say in natalones
uh
junkie bell for uh for keike and uh toadmore hen all them all
you